Reflection: 
    I am super excited to start this course on Data Mining. I was surprised to learn how connected machine learning was to data mining. I remembered learning about K-means in the machine learning course.  I am excited to learn about the data mining task, such as associations and correlations and being able to find patterns. Also I am excited to learn about data visualization, because it is important to understand how to how your findings in a way non-computer science people will understand. 
    
    I would like it, if possible, to add what chapters in the book we should read before class, that would make it easier to plan out how much to read everyday. 

Week 1 Day 2 Jan 16, 2025
First of all, I just wanted to say thank you so much for adding what chapters to read in the book, this will be so helpful for reviewing the material. I really like how you started the lecture of the big picture on how the course will focus on the pyramid with the bottom being Data Sources and the top being Decision Making. This will help me when reviewing the material and think about the topics I learned in class and where does the new information land in this pyramid. Also, when learning the new terminology, having the example for each term helps me understand how their terms relate to real life data. Like with transactional data, you used a set of items the customer bought from a convenience store as an example. 

Week 2 Day 3 Jan 21, 2025
Thank you for bringing the hot chocolate to class on this cold day!  Having the review is very helpful to start the week of the new information we started. I never knew about the weight mean, it sounds like a good statistics to prevent outliers from skewing the data. Also The DataSaurus Dozen is really interesting and I can’t wait to hear more about it later. Right now I do not understand how all these different plots use the same data, I am interested in learning how it was done. 

week 2 Day 4 Jan 23, 2025
I like the mini review during the start of class. It was very helpful as a reminder to where we left off from the last class. While I knew how to make a box plot and histograms, it was like how you explain why you would use a specific graph and what important information each graph is really to convey. Also I do like when you state some of the pitfalls of a bad graph like for histograms you said too few bins causes over smoothing or too many bins is more sensitive to noise. Analysing what a good and bad graph for the handout was really helpful to solidify what a good graph should look like. 
